add a parsing of the tcpdump on a resolver for a DNS request (#59)
build-your-own-internet/byoi: future/name-resolution/recursive-dns/README.md

```bash
21:11:07.561149 ARP, Request who-has 1.2.0.100 tell 1.2.0.3, length 28
21:11:07.561667 ARP, Reply 1.2.0.100 is-at 02:42:01:02:00:64, length 28
```

A standard ARP request. If you look at your network map, you'll see that `resolver-c` has IP Address `1.2.0.100`. So `1.2.0.3` (`router-c3`) is asking which machine on this network is `1.2.0.100`. The next line is `resolver-c` replying to `router-c3`'s ARP request with it's own MAC address. For more on this, checkout the [IP and MAC addresses appendix](../../../appendix/ip-and-mac-addresses.md)

```bash
21:11:07.561754 IP 1.1.0.200.48600 > 1.2.0.100.53: 48085+ [1au] A? www.awesomecat.com. (59)
```

<!-- TODO: maybe define A record beyond just the paranthetical? Or do an aside on record types?  -->
`1.1.0.200` (`client-c1`) sends a request to `1.2.0.100` (`resolver-c`) port `53` requesting the `A` records (the IPv4 records) for `www.awesomecat.com`.

```bash
21:11:07.562914 IP 1.2.0.100.47301 > 101.0.1.100.53: 35603% [1au] NS? . (28)
21:11:07.564677 IP 101.0.1.100.53 > 1.2.0.100.47301: 35603*- 2/0/3 NS rootdns-i.isc.org., NS rootdns-n.netnod.org. (123)
```

<!-- TODO: define NS/SOA records -->

> `1.2.0.100` (`resolver-c`) sends a request (`>`) to `101.0.1.100` (`rootdns-n`) for the `NS` records for `.`, the root of all DNS. Then, `101.0.1.100` (`rootdns-n`) sends a reply back to `1.2.0.100` (`resolver-c`) providing the `NS` records for the root DNS servers.

Reviewer: > for the `NS` records for `.`, the root of all DNS.

and 

> providing the `NS` records for the root DNS servers.

I'm confused. It's my understanding that `resolver-c` already knew where the root DNS servers were (from its `root.hints` file). So what is happening here is that it's now got information on what all the TLD servers are, correct? That's why it begins sending requests to all the TLD servers next.

```bash
21:11:07.565703 IP 1.2.0.100.23565 > 100.0.1.100.53: 29379% [1au] A? com. (32)
21:11:07.566389 IP 1.2.0.100.24580 > 101.0.1.100.53: 15555% [1au] A? org. (32)
21:11:07.566667 IP 1.2.0.100.42017 > 100.0.1.100.53: 52879% [1au] A? org. (32)
21:11:07.566698 IP 100.0.1.100.53 > 1.2.0.100.23565: 29379- 0/1/2 (78)
21:11:07.566861 IP 101.0.1.100.53 > 1.2.0.100.24580: 15555- 0/1/2 (78)
21:11:07.567274 IP 100.0.1.100.53 > 1.2.0.100.42017: 52879- 0/1/2 (78)
```

> Now that `resolver-c` has confirmed where the root DNS servers are, It starts firing off requests to learn about all of the TLDs it needs to know about. It has a request from `client-c1` for a name in the `com` TLD, and it just got a response back for root server names in the `org` TLD. So we see 3 requests fired off here, each of them for `A` records for TLDs. The resolver will try to get the fastest possible response for the client. So it's spitting out requests to both of the root DNS servers here to see which response comes back first. 

Reviewer: > Now that `resolver-c` has confirmed where the root DNS servers are,

How have we come to the conclusion that `resolver-c` has "confirmed where the root DNS servers are"? Shouldn't we be saying, "Now that `resolver-c` knows where all the TLD DNS servers are..."?

```suggestion
Now that `resolver-c` has all of the TLD DNS servers, It starts firing off requests to learn about all of the TLDs it needs to know about. It has a request from `client-c1` for a name in the `com` TLD, and it just got a response back for root server names in the `org` TLD. So we see 3 requests fired off here, each of them for `A` records for TLDs. The resolver will try to get the fastest possible response for the client. So it's spitting out requests to both of the root DNS servers here to see which response comes back first. 
```

> Interestingly, it doesn't do the same for `com`. This is likely because we didn't clear the cache on our whole internet. If we were to restart each DNS server on our internet, we'd likely see requests for `com` to both root DNS servers.

Reviewer: I don't follow this. Here are my thoughts:
1. Caching is done by recursive resolvers, not by knot servers, correct? We shouldn't be looking at a caching issue because we already restarted `unbound`
2. It seems that this theory could easily have been tested by restarting whatever we need to restart, so rather than speculating on the cause, we should actually test it ourselves and provide an authoritative assertion about why this is happening?

Author: I just removed this line for now... I don't have the energy to come back to it at this point...

> The next 3 lines are the responses back from the root DNS servers. The actual response bodies aren't parsed here, but given what we saw in the exercises above, we know that what should be seeing DNS responses for where the `com` and `org` TLD servers are. These responses will include the IP addresses for those servers.

Reviewer: > The actual response bodies aren't parsed here...

I believe we can get much more detailed data on these interactions if we turned up verbosity on `tcpdump` (e.g. `tcpdump -nvv`)

```suggestion
The next 3 lines are the responses back from the top-level domain DNS servers. The actual response bodies aren't parsed here, but given what we saw in the exercises above, we know that what should be seeing DNS responses for where the `com` and `org` TLD servers are. These responses will include the IP addresses for those servers.
```

```bash
21:11:07.567766 IP 1.2.0.100.63263 > 8.2.0.100.53: 3546% [1au] A? awesomecat.com. (43)
```

`1.2.0.100` (`resolver-c`) sends a request to `8.2.0.100` (`tlddns-g`) for the `A` records for `awesomecat.com`.

```bash
21:11:07.568250 IP 1.2.0.100.64823 > 8.2.0.100.53: 5986% [1au] A? google.com. (39)
```

> When `resolver-c` learned about the `com` TLD, it received an `NS` record that pointed it to `tlddns-g.google.com`. Our resolver is a diligent machine, so it wants to go ahead and learn everything it can about the domains it's given. So, it's gonna go ahead and fire off a request to gather the `A` records for `google.com` while it's at it.

Reviewer: 😕 Is that because we're missing glue records?

> There are more requests that are not directly tied to resolving `www.awesomecat.com`. Instead of including those in the line by line analysis, they're gonna be in a block at the end. That way they can still be documented to see the work the resolver is doing without detracting from this analysis.

Reviewer: What we've done in the past is included the entire TCPDUMP output in a "collapsible" block and then referred to specific lines from it. Should we do that here?

```

`8.2.0.100` (`tlddns-g`) responds back to the queries `1.2.0.100` (`resolver-c`) just made. In each of these lines, you'll see a request ID: `3546` and `5986`. If you check the previous requests coming from `resolver-c`, you can find the corresponding request ID. Again, from our exercises above, we can surmise that response `3546` tells our intrepid resolver that the authoritative DNS server for `awesomecat.com` is `authoritative-a.aws.com` AND it provides the IP address for that server.

```bash
21:11:07.571062 IP 1.2.0.100.17366 > 4.1.0.100.53: 30044% [1au] A? www.awesomecat.com. (47)
```

`1.2.0.100` (`resolver-c`) sends a request to `4.1.0.100` (`authoritative-a`) for the `A` records for `www.awesomecat.com`. Remember, `resolver-c` learned about the IP address for the authoritative server for `awesomecat.com` in request `3546` above.

```bash
21:11:07.571741 IP 4.1.0.100.53 > 1.2.0.100.17366: 30044*- 1/0/1 A 4.2.0.11 (63)
```

`4.1.0.100` (`authoritative-a`) responds to `1.2.0.100` (`resolver-c`) with the `A` record (IPv4 address) for `www.awesomecat.com`.

```bash
21:11:07.572238 IP 1.2.0.100.53 > 1.1.0.200.48600: 48085 1/0/1 A 4.2.0.11 (63)
```

> HERE IT IS! `1.2.0.100` (`resolver-c`) responds to `1.2.0.100` (`client-c1`) with the `A` record for `www.awesomecat.com`!!!

Reviewer: It seems like line 705 is the *HERE IT IS!* moment where the resolver finally gets the IP address for the domain it's been hunting. Line 711 is the resolver responding back to the client. I think you say all this in the text, but I would like to see a bit more emphasis on line 705.

21:11:07.577657 IP 1.2.0.100.11703 > 9.1.0.100.53: 627% [1au] A? authoritative-s.supercorp.org. (58)
21:11:07.578017 IP 1.2.0.100.47500 > 9.1.0.100.53: 44209% [1au] AAAA? tlddns-n.netnod.org. (48)
21:11:07.578748 IP 9.1.0.100.53 > 1.2.0.100.47500: 44209*- 0/1/1 (99)
21:11:07.578987 IP 1.2.0.100.30900 > 4.1.0.100.53: 39480% [1au] A? authoritative-a.aws.org. (52)
21:11:07.579661 IP 4.1.0.100.53 > 1.2.0.100.30900: 39480*- 1/0/1 A 4.1.0.100 (68)
21:11:07.579704 IP 1.2.0.100.11194 > 4.1.0.100.53: 22773% [1au] AAAA? authoritative-a.aws.com. (52)
21:11:07.580008 IP 9.1.0.100.53 > 1.2.0.100.11703: 627*- 1/0/1 A 9.1.0.100 (74)
21:11:07.580042 IP 4.1.0.100.53 > 1.2.0.100.11194: 22773*- 0/1/1 (103)
21:11:07.580656 IP 1.2.0.100.11952 > 4.1.0.100.53: 39941% [1au] AAAA? authoritative-a.aws.org. (52)
21:11:07.581053 IP 1.2.0.100.28276 > 9.1.0.100.53: 10771% [1au] AAAA? authoritative-s.supercorp.org. (58)
21:11:07.581247 IP 4.1.0.100.53 > 1.2.0.100.11952: 39941*- 0/1/1 (103)
21:11:07.581636 IP 9.1.0.100.53 > 1.2.0.100.28276: 10771*- 0/1/1 (109)
21:11:12.817070 ARP, Request who-has 1.2.0.3 tell 1.2.0.100, length 28
21:11:12.820482 ARP, Reply 1.2.0.3 is-at 02:42:01:02:00:03, length 28
```

> Dear lord... `resolver-c` just wants to know everything abou the internet. Each of these packets is part of `resolver-c` attempting to either learn about domains that were tangentially related to its attempt to resolve `www.awesomecat.com`. Plus there's some ARP request to learn about `router-c3` there at the end.

Reviewer: Rather than publishing all this here, I think it makes more sense to include in the collapsible block and refer to them in passing?

Author: the more I think about this, the more I don't want to start with the full block. we have all the lines, we're just processing the relevant lines as we go. It's just redundant to paste the full block first... I think I wanna keep it the way it is until we get feedback from student readers.
